there is no phone ringing dammit the
last man on earth lives in a fortress
days anyway Monday the hell it is it's
Sunday Sunday I always dress for dinner
Discovery Jack how does that grab you
Caesar the last man on earth always
carries an automatic weapon last man on
earth is hunting's
because the last man on earth is not
alone
mad alma himself and i see you got a mad
scientist you know me and about your
work my work incremental effects
countermeasures to toxic agents and
liquid systems delivery microbiological
leaders january 1975 remember you know
what it means I was a med school senior
when they scratched the world family god
I forgot to keep the fuel up in a
generator they'll be into the garage
not the place where all the big river